Update validator and nominator guides (#205)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/polkadot/node/guides/how-to-nominate.md

It has been updated for the Alexander testnet and Polkadot release PoC-4.

## Create `stash` and `controller` accounts

We will assume that you will be starting with two fresh accounts. Click [here](../../learn/staking.md#accounts) to learn more about what `stash` and `controller` accounts mean.

The first step is to create two accounts by going to the *Accounts* tab on the Polkadot Dashboard and clicking on [*Add account*](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/accounts). Make sure to use `stash` and `controller` in the names of your accounts to identify them easily.

![Creating an account](../../../img/guides/how-to-nominate/polkadot-dashboard-create-account.jpg)

> Once you've created your accounts you will need to acquire some DOTs. See the [DOTs page](../../learn/DOT.md#getting-testnet-dots) for recommendations on getting testnet DOTs. Each of your accounts should have at least 150 milli-DOTs to cover the existential deposit and transaction fees.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you've created your accounts you will need to acquire some DOTs. See the [DOTs page](../../learn/DOT.md#getting-testnet-dots) for recommendations on getting testnet DOTs. Each of your accounts should have at least 150 milliDOTs to cover the existential deposit and transaction fees.
```

## Nominating

It is now time to setup our nominator. We will do the following:
- Bound the DOTs of the `stash` account. These DOTs will be put at stake for the security of the network and can be slashed.

> - Select the `controller` as.. the controller. This is the account that will decide when to start or stop nominating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select the `controller`. This is the account that will decide when to start or stop nominating.
```

First, go to [Staking > Account actions](https://polkadot.js.org/apps/#/staking/actions) section. Click on the "New stake" button.

![dashboard bonding](../../../img/guides/how-to-nominate/polkadot-dashboard-bonding.jpg)

> - **Stash account** - Select your `stash` account, we will bound 100mili Dots, make sure it has this amount of funds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Stash account** - Select your `stash` account, we will bound 100 milliDOTs, make sure it has this amount of funds.
```

We need to standardize how we write the DOT units, I prefer attaching the prefix without a hyphen like so "milli-DOT."

- **Payment destination** - where the rewards get sent. More info [here](../../learn/staking.md#reward-distribution).

Once everything is filled properly, click `Bond` and sign the transaction (with your `stash` account). You will then see the following. You can ignore the `Set Session Key` button, it is only useful if you want to validate and we will not need it in this tutorial.

![dashboard overview](../../../img/guides/how-to-nominate/polkadot-dashboard-set-session-key.jpg)

## Nominating a validator

Go to the *Staking Overview* tab on the staking page of the Polkadot Dashboard. On the left side, you will see a list of validators (on the right side are validators who have signalled their intention to join the validator set and you can ignore them for now). From this list of validators, find ones that you would like to nominate and copy their address (by clicking on the identicon) or better, add them to your Address book.

![Validators](../../../img/guides/how-to-nominate/validators.png)

> Go back to the *Account Actions* tab and click the `Nominate` button. Fill in the blank field with the address of the validators you have chosen to nominate. After signing and submitting your transaction you should see the button `Stop Nominating` and you should see the accounts you are nominating showing up under the `Nominating` section. Your nomination will be effective in the next era (this can take up to 1h).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go back to the *Account Actions* tab and click the `Nominate` button. Fill in the blank field with the address of the validators you have chosen to nominate. After signing and submitting your transaction you should see the button `Stop Nominating` and you should see the accounts you are nominating showing up under the `Nominating` section. Your nomination will be effective in the next era (this can take up to one hour).
```
